Document validating a check against a real PR with danger pr (#127)
Automattic/dangermattic: README.md

Please follow the existing naming convention for validation and check plugins: classes end with a `*Checker` suffix and the main validation methods are named with a `check_*` prefix.

> ### Trying a change against a real pull request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to verify a change against a real pull request
```

> Unit tests are the main development loop, but before releasing a new or changed check it's often useful to see it run end to end against a real pull request. You can do this locally with `danger pr`, which evaluates a `Dangerfile` against an existing PR's diff and prints the result to your terminal — it posts nothing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unit tests are the main development loop, but before releasing a new or changed check it's often useful to see it run end-to-end against a real pull request.
You can do this locally with `danger pr`, which evaluates a `Dangerfile` against an existing PR's diff and prints the result to your terminal only, without posting upstream.
```

Point a `Gemfile` at your branch and add the check you want to exercise to a `Dangerfile`:

```ruby
# Gemfile
source 'https://rubygems.org'

> gem 'danger'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

`gem 'danger'` is unnecessary because it comes with Dangermattic: https://github.com/Automattic/dangermattic/blob/6bbb5b5db0871a44f549e3dc0fa03ec043fef5e2/danger-dangermattic.gemspec#L24

gem 'danger-dangermattic', git: 'https://github.com/Automattic/dangermattic', branch: 'my-branch'
```

```ruby
# Dangerfile
my_new_plugin_checker.check_method
```

After a `bundle install`, run it against a PR from inside a checkout of that PR's repository:

```sh
DANGER_GITHUB_API_TOKEN="$(gh auth token)" \
  BUNDLE_GEMFILE=/path/to/Gemfile \
  bundle exec danger pr https://github.com/<org>/<repo>/pull/<number> \
  --dangerfile=/path/to/Dangerfile
```

A failure prints as an `Errors:` block. `danger pr` only fetches and creates temporary refs that it cleans up afterwards, so it won't change your current branch or working tree.

Two things to keep in mind:

- `danger pr` reconstructs the diff by fetching the PR's head branch, so the pull request must still be open (or its branch otherwise present on the remote).
- Some CI setups install `danger-dangermattic` from a fixed source and won't honour a `git:` override in a project's `Gemfile`, so this end-to-end check is best run locally.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

These suggestions are too eager. I think readers would be better served by removing them and having a smaller `README.md` to parse.
